---
title: "The Battle at Samrah"
date: 2023-08-18
---
I fly west and north with the intent of capturing the fleet base at Zoba. I scout both nearby fleet bases, Zoba and Nagar, but my scout missions are intercepted by enemy aircraft from said bases and the sightings are reported to enemy command. So much for removing Zoba's air cover last session. Captured intel reveals that the enemy in Zoba is strike group "Arzamas"; furthermore, Arzamas has sortied to investigate the sightings of my scout planes.

I move south to let Arzamas pass quietly by. In the midst of my retreat, I get an ELINT warning. Enemy radar to the south!

It's the enemy strike group "Donbass". The same Donbass who we poked with an airstrike several days ago has doggedly followed my footsteps from the south and has now, either through luck or cunning, trapped me between its cruisers and the Arzamas force. I decide that I need to break out in one direction. I know the composition of the Donbass force and I believe I can win. I turn south and engage the enemy in the skies near Samrah.

I send in the Komoran cruiser - the same cruiser that wrecked the aircraft carrier group "Pirate". The Kormoran's crew acquits themselves and despite sustaining heavy damage, destroy all three light cruisers of the Donbass formation. Strike group Donbass  - eliminated! Four more to go. I have secured a retreat path south and I take it.

Despite defeating a strike group, I still have not found a path north or taken a fleet base. My list of threats has now grown:
* ~~Donbass - destroyed.~~
* Strike Group Arzamas moving west from Zoba with air power.
* Unknown force that launched a scout plane from the south. _Later, I believe that this was a plane from Arzamas that was sent south to find me._
* 4 ships in Nagar. I believe them to be frigates based on the size of the guns they fired at a scout plane. _This will prove to be a nearly fatal error._
