TODO: maybe break up the needle campaign "The Needle Pt. X"
1. the initial bit - what we have here. perhaps write a separate article on the "crypto coup" because honestly that's a decent strategy.
2. "found by the enemy"
3. "we are gathered here..." looks like we lost, but it's about accidentally deleting the starfox. maybe make it really sappy.


I am going to "thread the needle" between the two enemy formations. An aircraft strike would be deadly; a nuclear missile strike would be game ending. I will be fast and silent. I will be like the desert wind, carving the great dunes yet seen by no one.

...visual contact, you say?
(TODO)
A merchant wanders into the town where I'm parked and signals to the enemy. I rob them blind and run before the enemy shows up! One good thing about running through enemy territory: merchant pickings will be much improved.

Two cities away (TODO) I pick up ELINT warnings. No way the strike groups have gone this far north yet; this could be a juicy, cruiser-sized merchant ship. But my raiders turn up nothing.

I receive an encrypted transmission coming from the same direction as the ELINT warnings. I can't read it normally but then I figured something out that I felt proud of :D. I don't have the cipher, but I do have a list of all of the merchant code names I've been hearing from previous messages I could understand. The number of letters in the "TO" column is strangely long. I try turning the cipher wheels so the letters match up to the merchant ship by that name and boom - I know the enemy cipher.

TODO: we might divide the general solution for this into a separate crypto md.

Now time to intercept this merchie. I send my raiders south. And - nothing. I must have completely misjudged where this ship was. I feel a little let down after my crypto coup. At least I can read other enemy messages now...

I end up in (TODO repair depot). This isn't by accident. Here is where I want to buff my raiding fleet by turning my Fenek into a Lightning. I'll move its countermissiles to the flagship and build the rest into an attack corvette.

I have about half a Lightning when I run into trouble.
