
I'm halfway done with this when my flagship, moving to the north, picks up another merchie "Photon". I feel like a submarine commander, chasing all these merchant ships while hiding from the enemy patrols. The merchie runs SE toward the place where my raiders are grounded.

I send out my lightning to intercept Photon so he doesn't report my location at the town where I'm doing repairs. Just then, my ships on the ground get a thermal signature.

This is what I feared threading the needle. This is either a missile strike or an aircraft raid. Either one would be devastating to my raiding force. I pick up the remaining two raiders and run north.

Then - my *flagship* gets a thermal signature. Visual contact - planes, a full carrier strike of 8!
The vector that planes from the CV group must have taken to investigate Photon's sighting goes directly through the flagship. Fine - better my flagship take this hit than the raiders. The flagship has armor and point defense. The flagship takes hits but sees the planes off handily. As soon as the surviving planes leave radar, I change the flagship's course to make sure no sneaky enemy plots my vector ahead and sends a nuke.

The raiders also suddenly receive visual contact. No missile - an extremely fast enemy squadron! I can outrun them but not fast enough to avoid others sending in strikes at me. I turn to engage.

The ship composition can only be one thing: these are fast frigates (TODO?) with strategic missile capability. This is the nuclear missile tactical group! They must have fired their missiles, missed and then decided instead of reloading to come and run me down at gun range! I gladly accept this mistake. Wounded, low-morale attack corvettes versus two frigates? For The Empire!

This is the first and only flight of the half-Fenek, half-Lightning "Starfox MK1". I use the Starfox to bait out the short-range missiles from the frigates, then escape and let the Lightning's guns do the talking. Victory.
