A lot happened. What are we going to write?

The Battle at Samrah
8-18: moved north with intent to take a fleet base. 
Discovered evil lurks in Zoba. Moved west to Nagar.
Donbass is to the south. I don't actually know what's in Nagar. I decide to fight at Samrah.
A lot of wandering in the desert to get stuff.

"Negative; Landing in the Desert"
Also 8-18: The raid fleet, the lightning 4v1, the ridiculous landing and the rename.

The Donut War
8-19 thru 8-20 : The fight against Ingul and avoiding Arzamas
**How did Kormoran get holed in the first place? I believe we were repairing or fueling and got reported.**
Basically what happened after Donbass?
After Samrah, investigated nagar and zoba. Both sent out planes to counter my scouts. Planes mean heavy force and I don't know which one is there.
I do the south-and-west loop to hit Nagar outside the range of whoever is in Zoba.
I end up in Dan. Somebody snitches. I have time, right? Nope. Someone in (TODO) city just salvoes cruise missiles at the location. This is the equivalent of "hello, police? I saw some bad guys" and instead of showing up the police just drop a missile on your house.
I run but with the Kormoran's engines heavily damaged I am now slower than the enemy. There's also not one but two enemy strike groups.
I could ditch the Kormoran and run, or I could turn and fight. I decide to fight. I commit my flagship which I have not brought into combat before. Wow. It kicks ass. The heavy cruiser flagship charges into the four enemy light cruisers and mauls them. But I've taken serious damage to frontal armor.







Forty Years in the Desert
8-20: 
I use the lightnings to play tag with Arzamas and lure them away from my main group. 

But then what?
One amusing screenshot shows my commerce raider squadron watching helplessly from the ground as two convoys pass.